Downloaded from
YTS.MX
Official YIFY movies site:
Come on. eat up!
I am stuffed. You go on.
Don't you like crabs? Eat.
You are all bones. Eat up.
Thank you. brother ting.
Man up. Quit pushing around.
What are you saying?
I have got something even better.
What else? We have enough.
I caught a big one today
and I am sharing.
Fresh and alive.
What about it?
Here comes our fish.
Little bastard.
A friend of yours?
You messed him up good.
How would I tell?
It's Van!
You can't tell?
I have kept him around for 3 years!
You bastard.
3 years!
I have been clueless.
I knew nothing!
I am always careful.
always cautious.
It's not even half way through the year and
we have already been busted thrice!
Why is that?
We have a traitor!
I won't let you die just yet.
Are you even sure?
You are so loud.
The cops have every reason to be after you.
You busted him so easily.
He is a pretty bad mole.
All these years. how could
we not notice a thing.
We found
this tracker on him
when we were dealing yesterday.
If he is not a mole.
is it you?
What are you doing?
You never learn. do you?
This thing
is going to bring all the cops here.
You want all of us to go down at once?
Officer tuen. have you found Van?
Yes. He is in siu sai wan.
Car b. with me.
Copy that.
Right. You know what you are doing.
Why don't you nail him to the cross?
Brother ting.
Say it.
Why did you have a tracker?
Take it or leave it.
You are a tough one. aren't you?
Let's see how many fingers
you have here for me to bust.
Bastard.
Come here.
I'll talk.
Son of a bitch.
Wait. ting!
If he really is a cop.
killing him isn't the best move.
Boss.
The cops are here!
Chilli.
Bring the cars.
Bastard.
Take him.
You are burning with us.
scum!
Hang on.
Sit tight.
This cop isn't playing.
Is he getting a medal for this?
Hang on.
Van!
Boss. Van fell off.
Let's go!
Get in!
Asshole.
Please be seated.
Van.
His name was chau hung wan.
He was our colleague.
He went undercover for 3 years.
Not only was he our source of intel.
he also helped us on several
fuk wor triad drug deal crackdowns.
cutting off their income.
He knew to his heart
the organization and keymen
of the fuk wor triad.
Fan.
would you brief us on that?
Yes. sir.
Fuk wor
is affiliated with the long-running triad.
wor lok tung.
It sprung up about 10 years ago.
Their leader is
chan yau hei. who is known as brother hei.
Their business grew bigger
and bigger ever since
chan yau hei changed their strategy
10 years ago.
They turned their focus
to the high-end market.
East. law heung tung.
He has a high education background.
With double degree in
criminology and accounting
from a university in the United Kingdom.
east is the brains
and the bookkeeper of the gang.
Joss. leung cheuk sang.
He is one of chan yau hei's best henchmen.
in charge of trafficking
and keeping stocks.
Ting. ting cheuk fei.
He has worked for joss for 7 years.
He is joss's most trusted man.
Shawn. kam chiu nin.
He is the another one
of chan yau hei's best henchmen.
His protégé. cheung sing kit
has worked for him for 5 years.
These two are in charge of sales
consolidation and development.
In short. the muscles.
Ok. good.
Thank you. sir.
Van
will not die in vain
and the drugs are not getting out there
to jeopardize the society.
Not an ounce.
This time
we are annihilating
the fuk wor triad.
Understand?
Yes. sir.
I was told
you see a rat in your kitchen.
it means it is multiplying from 1 to 2.
4 to 8.
And then an entire herd.
It is bringing its family and friends.
I've got it. boss.
I am the rat poison.
Rest assured. It will be a clean cut.
Rat poison.
What a name.
You've got balls.
Killing a cop?
Boss.
He was a traitor!
It's life or death!
He could have screwed us over!
How do I know
who is a rat and
who is an undercover cop?
Thanks to you.
we are closed for 2 months.
Have you done the math on my loss?
Boss.
This is on me.
I took the rat in.
Glad you realize your mistake.
I was about to say.
loyalty is everything here.
Word has it that your
meth is all watered-down.
Do you know how lethal this is
to our reputation?
It's just a rumor.
- Do you know how much I have done to help...
- Are you done?
Why are you cutting him off?
- He is explaining!
- What's there to explain?
- An explanation for boss!
- That's enough!
Being responsible isn't a bad thing.
Alright.
I am sending you to Cambodia
to search for new suppliers.
Don't bother to come back
empty-handed.
I worked my ass off for the gang and
you are sending me off?
Hey!
Boss
is showing you the easy way.
Where are your manners?
Thank you.
Don't give me that look.
Alright.
- East.
- Yes.
Tell us about your new plan.
My brothers.
We will deal with
the eastern trade company
next week.
This is our first ever cooperation
with them.
Their goods are
of high quality and
pricey.
They are going to
monopolize the supply soon.
Therefore. the earlier we deal with them
the more beneficial it is for us.
This time we are working with their ceo.
Mr. sung.
He is a businessman through and through.
Money is his only delight.
Absolutely ruthless.
East.
Careful.
Sure thing.
Joss. Shawn.
We have to talk.
You've got balls.
Brother hei told us not to
sell in these 2 months.
- What are you doing?
- What now? You got a problem?
Tell my boss. kit!
Huh? You bluffing me?
Can't 1?
It's none of your business! Shut it!
No is no!
I am selling it!
Tell your boss that
ting makes the call here.
Go.
Go!
You should go.
Where are you going. boss?
Mind your own business.
Enjoy.
I'll be right here when you need me.
Alright. Thank you.
Ting.
Have you been waiting?
It's been less than 30 seconds.
It's rare to see you here twice in a week.
What's the occasion?
It's nothing. I just
couldn't decide what to eat.
Your place is the best.
No menu. You call the shots.
No fuss for me.
That's right.
This is the perfect place for
people who are exhausted
from working during the day and
just want to take their mind off everything
or
For someone who has decidophobia.
Which one are you?
Me?
Both. I guess.
Then.
how about keeping me company for a while.
What do you want to do?
Drinking of course.
We don't have a lot of customers tonight.
What can I get you?
You know my order.
Sake...
With red wine.
Now that I think about it.
why did you name this place
bat?
Do you not know the aesop's fables?
The bat acts as a bird among the beasts and
a beast among the birds.
In the end.
neither the beasts nor
the birds trust the bat no more.
If the bat had been a
beast among the beasts
and a bird among the birds.
There wouldn't be any problem. Would it?
It's not that simple.
This is a choice of
life and death.
Here for the dope.
but didn't bring enough to pay.
That's a first.
That's not it.
you are talking up the price!
The cops has been
up in my ass these days.
I gotta raise the price
to keep me in business!
Alright.
Dump him into the sea.
Easy. ting.
Thank you!
Let's deal again soon!
Stop!
Stop running!
Go! Boss!
Come on.
Pc24601.
Sir!
Come in.
I have something to tell you.
Not bad.
You are drunk and managed
to drive all the way up here.
Why aren't you charged
with drunk driving already.
Sure you want me arrested.
I almost killed Van that day.
If I am still in the force.
with my talents.
I should be a superintendent now!
Do you want me to stay in fuk wor
until I have became the chief?
Wouldn't that be nice?
Remember to come and cuff me yourself then!
That way you are wiping out fuk wor and
earning yourself a merit!
Next week.
fuk wor will be doing their first drug deal
with the eastern trade company.
As you know.
the eastern trade company
has almost monopolized
the high-end drug market.
If their deal
works out fine.
it will be an alliance of two giants.
Vice versa.
if they couldn't come to terms and
it blows.
It will be hard for fuk
wor to get any goods.
I will let you know
when I know the time and
location of the deal.
Right.
who's the nutjob that chased me down
to the container yard?
His name is tuen yat fan.
regional anti triad unit senior
inspector of police.
Rumor has it that he is likely
to become the youngest superintendent.
Superintendent.
Tell him to watch it.
Don't get into my way.
Congratulations. fan.
You passed the interview
and the written test.
You are a chief inspector
starting next week!
I'll do my best. sir.
I have faith in you.
make yourself useful.
2 more years. you could
be a superintendent.
Yes. sir!
Look alive!
I want to talk to you about a case.
An informer of the criminal
intelligence bureau
said there will be a big
drug deal next week.
It's worth tens of millions.
This operation
targets at the first ever deal
between fuk wor and eastern trade.
We must break them apart before
they establish a bond.
I am handing this case to you.
Go back and study it.
"The word is getting out well.
we are noticing it too."
"See if you could find out
who was the promoter.”
"Delete"
Mr. sung.
Well done. fan.
Hurry home.
Yes. Mr. sung.
We are graduates.
Mr. sung.
I wouldn't be where I am today without you.
Thank you.
What would you like me to
do for you after this?
I want you to get into the police force.
"You died"
gentlemen.
This deal with easten trade company
is rather big.
According to brother hei.
we each have to send one man out to
keep an eye on each other.
They will be kept at the same place
the night before the deal.
If we still have a problem.
there must be a rat among us.
I am sending chicken.
Chilli for Shawn.
Ting for joss.
Alright.
You are so smart. boss!
One move. two gains.
Killing two birds with one stone.
Defying heaven and earth!
What the hell?
Why?
I am appreciating our boss!
What's wrong with that?
I am now walking on sunshine.
I just had a big catch.
You.
would be the only one who
could rain on my parade.
What the heck.
How dare you!
Loser.
That's it.
I'm out!
Here is your beef brisket noodles.
When we first came here.
how much was a bowl of noodles?
Probably ten something dollars.
How about now?
Fifty something!
For this deal with the
eastern trade company.
brother hei has appointed you.
Be careful.
What does that mean?
Does he trust me or not?
He doesn't.
So the five of you
enrolled in the same year?
That's right.
We didn't just enroll in the same year.
We lived on the same floor in the dorm.
Who did best at the academy?
Of course it's me.
How is that possible?
You only started making progress
after the director...
You know...
What are you talking about?
What did I do with the director?
You know...
That time the director asked for you.
he kept you for almost an hour.
We were worried sick. we almost barged in.
So what happened?
We know nothing.
The point is he got the
silver whistle award afterwards.
Keep it to yourself.
Yeung works for the
ministry of home affairs.
What if she takes it seriously and
starts an entire investigation
on the director.
I am not gonna believe in gossips.
That's right.
We should stop with the gibberish.
Let's toast.
To fan. the youngest chief inspector!
Yes. Cheers!
Thank you everyone.
- Yeung.
- What is it?
I have entered upon
a new phase in life.
I promise to
share with you
my every advancement
and happiness
in the future.
Thank you.
Will you marry me?
Say yes...
"Mr. s."
Good morning. Mr. sung.
Good morning.
Sit.
Have some tea.
You can see the wan chai
police station from here.
Is that where you were
promoted probationary inspector?
I will be a chief inspector next week.
I will stay in the
regional anti triad unit.
Also.
I proposed to yeung.
She said yes.
We will be dealing with
fuk wor in two days.
Our goods are of top-shelf
quality this time.
It's a lot of money.
The cops will be onto us.
You have to be careful.
This time.
we cannot afford the slightest slip.
I understand.
I think I have heard about this.
Hello.
Got it.
That's the way it is.
The higher you rise.
the harder it gets.
You gotta get used to that.
Sure thing.
The French baguettes look good today.
It's fresh.
Go get something to eat.
Sure.
It's so beautiful here!
- It's a three-storey?
- Yes
which floor are you taking?
The roomiest one for sure.
How about me?
The second floor can be your study.
What do you say?
Ok.
We can design it however we like.
That's right.
Are we buying or renting?
If I don't have a house.
I would not dare to ask for your hand.
You are the best!
I'm glad you like it.
I love it. It's so beautiful.
Wait a minute.
Can we even afford this?
This is the mid-levels after all.
Within 2 years.
I will be a superintendent.
We got this.
Don't worry.
I believe in you.
We will trade with fuk wor in two days.
Our goods are of top-shelf
quality this time.
We must break them apart before
they establish a bond.
I am handing this case to you.
Go back and study it.
Chairman of eastern trade company
lower.
That's right.
- Here.
- How about now?
Ok.
- Good.
- Yes.
Perfect.
I have faith in you.
make yourself useful.
2 more years. you could
be a superintendent.
We will surroud the child
with lots of love.
Our child will grow up big and strong.
However. we woud have to redecorate after
having a child.
Do you want a boy or a girl first?
That's the way it is. The higher you rise.
the more on your shoulder.
You gotta get used to that.
To live in fear from dusk to dawn.
not even a chance of getting a good sleep.
Be it worrying about getting busted or
simply to be killed.
I just want a simple life.
Dance like everyone.
communting like everyone.
A game at the court.
A simple family.
Go on vacations with the kids occasionally.
Bro!
- What are you doing?
- It's not your concern.
Stay out of it!
Brother ting.
Come with us please.
Let him go or
- I am calling the poilce.
- Don't.
He is not a foe.
Excuse us. brother ting.
"An apartment in sai ying pun
2:08am"
I'm sorry. ting.
I hope we didn't scare you.
I'm alright. Just a bit carsick.
Let me do the introduction.
My man. chicken.
One of Shawn's. chilli.
He is joss's right-hand man. ting.
Brother hei thinks highly of this deal.
In order to keep the cat in the bag.
just bear with this for the time being.
Please hand over
all your communication devices.
I was shot at a turf war a few years back.
it shattered my shinbone.
I was in the hospital for 3 months.
had to put in a few steel discs.
I could never pass customs
without getting pat-downs.
No movements for 5 hours.
It must be the meeting place.
"Police headquarters meeting room
7:45am"
officer lau from the criminal intelligence
bureau received reliable intel
saying that fuk wor and eastern trade
have already started cooperating.
Officer lau. If you could. please.
According to my informer.
fuk wor members in charge are
currently in a building in sai ying pun.
Ready for action any second.
Should we take action immediately?
No.
We don't know their
dealing point just yet.
This operation is
a strike on fuk wor and eastern trade.
We can only arrest them on location
when they deal.
They are keeping a very
low profile this time.
I will inform you
when there is progress.
This operation will be
led by chief inspector tuen.
Follow his commands.
Thank you. officer Lee.
I want everyone to standby
at the headquarters today.
Yes. sir.
"The word is out. get..."
Not picking up...
"An apartment in sai ying pun
11:59pm"
how is it?
Is the location confirmed?
It's done. sir.
It's on the second floor. room 203.
but we couldn't get the
visuals on the inside.
Officer la...
What is it?
East brought 3 people in just now.
Inform officer Lee to
get ready.
Give it to them.
Retro. I like it.
You will be using it later.
This phone
doesn't support 4g.
Wi-Fi. GPS or Bluetooth.
The cops will not be able to track it.
And. we gave them a little operation.
No calling. works more
like a walkie-talkie.
We are dealing at tsing lung tau pier.
Take off all your clothes.
Get changed.
Take your pick.
Everyone follow me and
do as I say.
Get in the designated cars.
Officer la...
You two. the first white car.
Officer lau. This is a lot of cars.
Which one are we tailing?
We don't.
Yes. sir.
There are $30 million in the case.
Keep your eyes open.
- Got it. brother hei.
Ting.
Van died because of this thing.
You want me dead too?
No one will know if you
put it in your shoes.
I don't use chapsticks.
It's invisible ink.
With uv light.
I could see the message you leave behind.
Tell headquarters
they are dealing at tsing lung tau pier.
- "Headquarters 00:37am"
- Officer lau to headquarters.
the dealing point is at
tsing lung tau pier.
Get in. wait for my orders.
Copy that.
"Li have got the location."
"Ll have got the location.
Heading out now."
Officer tuen.
We're ready.
Shall we go now?
Let's go.
Car b. with me.
Yes. sir.
"Tsing lung tau pier 00:40am"
what are you doing?
No. chilli.
There's no way we have $30 million in here.
Have you seen $30 million dollars before?
Do you know how much $30 million weighs?
I haven't seen $30 million in cash.
but I have seen $300k.
$300k is about the weight of a mango.
We certainly don't have a
thousand mangoes here.
Did you flunk maths?
$30 million is $300k times a hundred.
Is it?
We still don't have a hundred here. right?
You try it.
Mr. sung changed the deal point
to ap lei chau boat shed.
Get there now.
Copy that. Let's go.
I'm getting something to drink.
You just had one.
Another one already?
Ap lei chau
is far!
You are a pain in the ass.
He is a civic
gangster.
Who says we are not civic just
because we are in the gang.
You're right...
Why are we carrying $30 million around?
It's heavy. bro.
Of course we are taking it with us!
Do you think leaving it
in the car is a better idea?
Are you done? Let's get going!
What's the rush?
Is your mum in labour?
You go first!
"Let's call it off tonight."
Ap lei chau pier.
Officer lau just informed us that
the dealing point has been changed
to ap lei chau pier.
"Ap lei chau pier 01:20am"
This should be it.
Brother ting from fuk wor?
This way.
We are Hong Kong police.
We are suspecting a drug deal here.
Everyone on the boat. put your hands up or
we will take action.
Freeze!
How about the money?
Forget it! Worry about yourself!
- Jump!
- I am afraid of the water.
This is a good spot.
We could hide out here for an hour or two.
then we can go after the cops are out.
2 hours?
You know what.
I would be exhausted to death by then!
This is a deal worthing
tens of millions of dollars.
They are not leaving without an arrest.
We'd better
get out of here
before they are here.
You have a point. Let's go.
Come on.
Police! Stay right where you are.
Put your hands up.
Jump on three.
- Again?
- One. two...
You bastards!
"Central 02:00am"
Brother hei. The goods are fine.
Pleasure doing business with you.
Brother hei.
You put on
quite a show.
The older. the wiser.
Better safe than sorry.
Things are tense
these days.
I'm sorry
for your loss.
Don't be silly.
A few hundred thousand
dollars for a traitor.
Not a loss.
- East.
- Yes.
Find out
who's the rat among those two.
Got it.
Officer tuen. We found a great
amount of cash and cocaine.
Bring it back to the station.
- Let's get out of here.
- Yes. sir.
How is it? Are you ok?
I'm fine.
What happened?
We got busted.
The cops came out of nowhere.
Luckily they had a loose aim.
Else. I would be dead.
Boss.
would brother hei think I am the rat?
Don't worry.
You almost died.
he would believe in you.
Clean your wound.
Eat
and take a rest.
"Out of town. putting the business on halt.
talk when I am back."
Thank you. Mr. sung.
I will do my best.
Mr. sung.
I wouldn't be where I am today without you.
Thank you.
We are graduates.
What would you like me to
do for you after this?
I want you to get into the police force.
Thank you. sir.
"Luen hing drug deal. 11 pm.
wong shek pier."
You three. up there.
You three. over there.
"The game is on."
"Let's call it off tonight."
Van died for justice.
Will you marry me?
Say yes...
Fan. you are a chief inspector
starting next week!
I'll do my best. sir.
Boss.
this is it.
We were waiting here that day.
and set off when we got the message.
Do you know what that guy did?
He put trash in the bin.
keeping it civic on the streets.
That's not all.
He got another drink
right when he just finished one off.
Didn't you said he injured his finger?
He was bleeding and all.
What is this. boss?
Ap lei chau pier
ap lei chau pier.
That bastard.
Hello.
Brother hei has a proposition.
We will have two deals.
A fake one and a legit one.
The cops set up a new unit
just for busting us.
A new chief inspector will be in charge.
What is this?
Which one of us is fleeing?
No one.
The deal was busted.
It was quite a loss for brother hei.
We are paying him early
this month.
It should please him.
You do know your way around people. boss!
That's why you are the boss and I am not!
Let's go.
Fan.
He said he would be back early.
- Hey.
- Didn't you say you would be home early?
Aren't you supposed to be able
to leave earlier after your promotion?
How is that possible. honey?
The more capable you are.
the more responsibility you have. Isn't it?
Alright.
Hurry up.
I can't do all this by myself.
Alright. I am almost there.
Just a little bit of traffic.
I will see you soon. Take care.
Alright.
Who's behind you?
Who?
Yeung!
What is happening?
What is happening? Who is it?
Yeung!
No!
Come in.
The weapon was found in
a transfer station 700 meters
from the crime scene.
The identification bureau confirmed
the finger prints belong
to someone called ting cheuk fei.
He is a member of the fuk wor triad.
According to our informer.
ting cheuk fei was seen
near in the crime scene last night.
Ting.
Ting cheuk fei.
Hey man. do you have a phone?
Hello.
Officer lau. I am in trouble.
You know you are in trouble?
Why were you ghosting?
An inspector from the
ministry of home affairs
was killed last night.
Your finger prints were
found on the weapon.
Surveillance got a suspect
looking just like you.
There is also an informer saying
you were there near the crime scene.
I was knocked out by a taser last night.
I was framed.
Lay low for a while.
You are only safe when
the murderer is found.
Hey.
do you guys have cams in this car park?
We don't have that in old ones like this.
We only got one at the entrance
and one at the exit.
Joss.
Ting is one of yours.
What do you think?
He was framed.
There's no reason for ting to kill a cop.
Does he has a lot of enemies?
Who would want to set him up?
There must be one or two.
Could be for money.
That last deal was
quite a loss.
So I asked ting to
get you the money earlier last night
as a compensation.
Was it a lot?
$5 million.
I would run away with it if it was me!
He has worked with me for a long time.
I believe in him.
Sorry.
I was joking.
Ok.
Brother hei. Give me some time.
Is 3 days enough?
I will be waiting.
I understand.
Hello.
Got it.
Brother hei.
We have cops outside.
I'll see what it is.
Police! Sit down!
Sit!
Hey!
What is it?
- Hey!
- Chan yau hei.
Your member ting is in suspected connection
with the murder of a police officer.
Please hand him over.
Officer.
Don't you know the laws?
This is a private property!
Do you have a warrant?
It's none of your business! Piss off!
How is it not my business?
- Are you asking for trouble?
- What is it?
Brother hei has nothing to do with it.
Ting is my man. I will go with you.
Let's go!
Are we really putting up drawings here?
Of course.
It looks so much better with drawings.
I didn't know you can't draw!
I know how to take care of you though.
Do you want a boy or a girl first?
Who is behind you?
Who?
Yeung!
What is it?
You are the frog.
Officer lam sin yeung was stabbed twice.
right in the liver.
That caused heavy bleeding
and hence her death.
The incisions were very accurate.
The body was not dragged at all.
so there are no fissures on the wounds.
It is evidential that.
the murderer was very determined.
Clean and neat.
Lam sin yeung fired two
rounds to fight back.
but only one bullet was
found in the crime scene.
Therefore. it is very likely
that the murderer was shot and wounded.
That's all from forensics.
Listen up.
Team a. team c.
Go and ask every hosiptal.
your informers.
even black market doctors.
see if they have treated
any bullet wound cases or
any suspected bullet wound cases.
Other teams and patrol officers.
check every pharmacy.
see if any suspicious persons
have bought anti-inflammatory
drugs. hemostatics
or surgical supplies in bulk.
Ok.
Why I didn't know about this meeting?
Calm down.
You are on leave. aren't you?
- Why aren't you resting?
- Rest?
How can I rest when the
murderer is still out there?
Are you disobeying me?
Look at you.
Your condition and psyche now is
not how it should be as
the chief inspector.
Don't forget we are police.
No matter how difficult the case is
or how mixed your feelings are.
We must remain extremly calm.
As the chief inspector.
how can you lead your colleagues
when you have lost your chill.
Fan.
I understand what you are feeling.
We will do yeung justice.
Ok?
Ting! What are you doing?
Can I stay at your place?
Should I take off my shoes?
Here.
You scared me to death just now.
It looks like it hasn't
been worn for a while.
He is on a business trip.
Look away!
My place is a mess.
The restroom is over there.
Excuse me.
I haven't had people clean this place up
for a long time.
I didn't expect you to come over.
I'll clean things up.
You can sleep on the bed later.
Alright.
Ting.
East.
You were right.
Fan does want to betray me.
He is climbing higher and
higher in the force.
getting married and buying a house.
He is at the peak of his life.
Why would he want to
continue to go undercover
when he is living the good life.
Mr. sung.
Your plan is magnificent.
It is getting rid of ting. the cop rat and
messing up fuk wor from the inside.
At the same time. I am
gaining power myself.
Perfect.
What's the most perfect is
I get to punish our traitor. fan.
What was your double major. east?
Criminology and accounting.
Thanks to you. Mr. sung.
You paid for my tuition.
so that I could study criminology
in the United Kingdom and
busted ting.
My investment in you paid off.
Fan...
This time...
Was killing fan's wife
a little out of line?
With your position in fuk wor now.
I shouldn't say more.
Keep it up. east.
In a few years.
fuk wor will be ours.
Right.
Have you told brother hei that
ting is an undercover cop?
He might not even believe entirely that
ting killed the cop.
We better save it and
tell that to him later.
It has to be a hitman.
I agree.
Hooligans like yourself
will only be flipping machetes around.
Such precision is impossible.
I am almost at the end of the rope
and you are still joking around!
Hey.
Who do you think is setting you up?
I think it should be someone in fuk wor.
We must find the killer to
know who is behind it.
Alright. Let's split.
You find the killer
and I will dig on the background of fan
and the victim.
How about we switch.
You go look for the killer.
You go sit in the office then.
One day I will.
That's durian. Eat.
It's expensive.
Eat up.
Hurry. There's nothing to be afraid of.
Don't you know why you are called nasty?
Uncle ting.
Because I am quiet.
I keep my mouth shut all the time.
that's why my breathe smells.
You don't keep your mouth shut.
You do have bad breathe.
You don't trust me. but you should
at least trust your daughter.
Am I right. momo?
Yes. You never go to see the dentist.
That's why you have periodontitis and
bad breathe.
How about uncle ting finish up work and
take your dad to the dentist?
Great.
Enjoy you food.
We have information that someone
had his bullet wound treated by the doctor
from hunan in Yung shue tau.
Take your daughter home first.
Uncle ting. my birthday is in a few days.
Is it?
Then uncle ting is going to
bring a present and
celebrate with you in a few days.
Alright. Thank you. uncle ting!
Daddy is buying your birthday gift.
Don't go around asking for presents.
Where are your manners?
She's a kid.
Who you are looking for is in mong kok.
See it for yourself.
What is it?
I just looked at the analysis report
from the identification bureau.
the deal between fuk wor
and eastern trade was probably a set up.
A set up?
We ran some tests.
the 15 kilograms of cocaine we uncovered.
turns out to be bad grade c stuff.
Worth no more than half a million dollars.
There were a lot of fake notes
in the $30 million cash.
The real ones
only amount to
about half a million dollars.
Also.
you should be careful of fan.
I think there's something off about him.
You think he killed his own wife and
planted it on me?
No.
I think someone wants him dead or
to give him a lesson.
You are only a sacrifice.
Move away.
Police! Freeze!
The one who just ran off
is your wife's murderer.
If it wasn't you. I would
have gotten him already.
That's impossible.
I am sure you killed my wife.
If it was me.
I would pull the trigger right now.
Stop!
Move!
Brother hei.
What the heck are you doing?
Boss.
Joss got his brain fried or something.
He is saying I framed ting
on the killing of the cop.
I don't have time for that!
He said ting is an undercover cop.
He is the most suspicious one.
What would you do
if I say chilli is an undercover cop?
- If you have proof...
- Shut up!
East is on it.
Do what east says
when you are ready to work!
You are not serious. boss.
Listen to him?
He went to school for a couple of years and
you are handing the whole gang over to him?
Are you serious?
Should I start recruiting
at Hong Kong university
and Chinese university now?
Do as I said.
Do whatever you like!
I got you food.
Come eat.
What is it?
It's your favourite wonton noodle soup and
steamed vermicelli roll.
I don't want wonton noodle soup now.
I want
grass jelly from the b house in yuen long.
Do I work for you?
So hard to please.
I brought you these all the way here.
Stop talking.
Just eat whatever I give you.
Hello. What is it?
Ok. Come pick me up now.
I'm gonna go take care of something.
Be careful.
Hello. momo.
Daddy is working. go cut your cake.
Yes. Daddy will be home right after work.
For real.
- Bye bye.
- How is it?
Brother ting. I have been
looking for a long time.
He is over there.
Who told you to kill that cop?
Do you think I won't kill you?
Nasty! Come tie him up for me!
Nasty!
"No caller ID"
Hello.
Why didn't you hand him over to the police?
Because this case is not
that simple.
You.
Speak for yourself.
It was east.
East told me to wear ting's jacket and
kill the cop.
And then plant ting's
fingerprints on the knife.
Say it.
Why did you do it?
Take it easy.
Don't you want to know who is behind this?
Why would east send someone to kill a cop?
Even if it's brother hei's order.
it shouldn't be your wife.
So you must keep digging.
I found your killer.
It's your turn to help me.
"Eastern trade company"
Sung jing kwong!
Brother hei.
Why did you bring the cop here.
Let ting explain.
Brother hei.
I was framed.
Someone wants to mess with fuk wor.
Say it.
Who told you to kill the cop?
East.
What are you playing at?
Bringing this nobody here to do me dirty!
What if we have proof?
What proof?
Boss.
Ting is telling the truth.
We found $5 million
in this asshole's house.
This is the money
I told ting to give you the other day.
I knew something is up with you. east!
Bastard!
You.
You are ganging up against me.
You are setting me up!
Brother hei.
About our deal with the
eastern trade company.
ting is the mole sent by the cops.
You are saying I am the mole.
If I am the mole.
why haven't you told brother hei already?
Because east
is sent by a certain sung
from the eastern trade company
to mess fuk wor up.
Brother hei.
No!
The cop is framing me!
They are framing me!
You bastard.
Pig.
Rat.
You want to mess with us and
get the eastern trade company to dominate?
I'll kill you.
Brother hei!
That's not it!
Son of a bitch!
Traitor!
You shouldn't go alone.
You are a cop.
If that's the case.
you shouldn't be going too.
Officer lau. Fan is avenging on his own.
Sung jing kwong!
Why did you kill my wife?
I think this is the first time
you call me by my full name.
I am asking you! Answer me!
Bastard.
Do you really think you are a cop?
I am!
All these years.
I got everything done for you!
Look how you are treating me!
Remember. You didn't help me.
I helped you.
If 1 didn't give you all those intel.
you wouldn't have arrested so many people.
I only wanted a future. I wanted happiness.
Why did you kill my wife?
What do I look for in my men?
It's loyalty!
And they must cut all human ties!
You bastard is inhuman!
I am not a man.
I am the god.
I couldn't get rid of you last time.
You got lucky.
Undercover. right?
I am giving you a ride to hell.
Don't shoot.
Arresting and killing are very different.
You are a policeman.
Kam chiu nin.
Charged with murder and drug trafficking.
The jury rendered a conviction of murder
and drug trafficking.
Life sentence.
Chan yau hei.
Charged as an accomplice to murder.
and drug trafficking.
Acquittal of murder.
Guilty of drug trafficking.
and manslaughter.
Life sentence.
Leung cheuk sang.
Charged as an accomplice to murder.
and drug trafficking.
Acquittal of murder.
Guilty of drug trafficking.
and manslaughter.
Life sentence.